### sig-presentation Meeting Notes for 2021-06-17
******

#### Time and Place
O3DE Discord Server @ 5:00 pm UTC / 10 am PDT in sig-presentation audio channel.

#### Attendees
- Amzn_Amelia
- Amzn_Qing
- Amzn_Tommy
- Amzn_jiawei
- Amzn_JonB
- amzn_moudgils
- Chanelle [AMZN]
- enzo0207
- Jeremy Ong
- jjanzer
- kythera_fabio
- Liv [AMZN]
- mtlh34d
- Royal OBrien
- yuriy

#### Meeting Minutes

- Folks introduced themselves
- 5 minute read of the sig-presentation charter.
- Charter Question: Scope rendering "requirements per platform" (which platforms does this entail?)
  * Launch will support PC-Win, Mac, iOS, Android but our charter should cover all platforms we plan on supporting (e.g. Linux)
- Charter Question: Asset pipelines, it looks like we're supporting user generated script integration to manipulate asset pipelines, but later, it says that "ingestion or export system for assets" is out of scope, so it'd be nice to clarify the first point
  * Rendering specific builders (e.g. texture processing, mesh builders, shader compilation) and DCCSI are owned by sig-presentation.  The Asset Processor and asset pipeline itself is owned by sig-core.
  * Need to disambiguate source and native formats
  * Need a complete list in the charter of what builders sig-presentation owns. 
- Charter Question: Does audio include synthesis and the entire ecosystem of audio tech as well, or mainly playback?
  * Need to make sure we have an audio expert in our next meeting.
- Charter call out - typo in the AZSL blurb (mantain -> maintain)
- Charter Question: blend shapes/deformation - is animation/skinning also part of the presentation sig?
  * Discussion similar to builders vs asset processor.  Should clarify simulation is owned by animation (sig-core) while sig-presentation owns the rendering/moving data to GPU.
- Charter call out - need to mention which features and feature processors are in scope for sig-presentation
  * Should sig-presentation own features?  Are those in scope?  Where is the line drawn.
  * I think its missing information about feature processors and rendering pipelines.
  * e.g. post processing tech stack
  * if you can delineate between the two and what sig it should be in
- Cross cutting - call out animation (mentioned above), ui, terrain, material editor.
- Question raised - should material editor and node based shader tool be owned by presentation?  How about shader management console?
- Is GI in scope of sig-presentation?  
  * Consensu - in scope
- Console support - we need to support future platforms or keep design considerations for other platforms
- What about streaming?  
  * Analogous to the asset processing scenario.  Asset processor is owned by core but individual teams own their builders and the same with streaming.  Low level streaming tech owned by core but sig-presentation own getting the texture/mesh/etc into the GPU.
- Meeting cadence? 
  * Monthly cadence decided.
